DRAFT - Feature/lyne title 1223 refactor (#1289)
lyne-design-system/lyne-components: src/components/sbb-title/readme.md

# sbb-title

> The component renders a html title according to the level you give. h1, h2, h3,..h6.
> The visual style is independent of the tag itself (you can have h1 with visual style of h6).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The component renders a title according to the provided `level`.
Internally this is represented by the heading elements: h1, h2, h3, h4, h5 and h6.
In scenarios where the visual representation needs to be different from the semantic meaning of the title level,
it is possible to use the `visual-level`.
```

> 

Reviewer: Could you add a simple documentation about the purpose and usage of this component?
